the mysterious note does speak of the second city, but there is still no second city i can teleport to in the known places list, also, make a minimap of the map were on, that shows question marks for quests, make main story quests red question mark, wile other quests a orange question mark. so atleast we have some help and guidance. Also add music for battles, background music for different maps, and places. and also UI button sound presses, UI hover sound, UI key press sounds. And also on the places teleport menu, make its so its not arrows, its Wasd that moves it. Also give different people different colors, or maybe some hair, or a different face, or different sizes. Also add levels in the game where we get stat points and we can upgrade different stats. Make it infinite amount of levels to get. Lastly, make it so that when we first start off, we can put 10 stat points into any stats we want, and when wre done, then we do start the game. We dont need to put any stat points in though, make it M to put stat points in places, make it so that in the header at the top, where it shows echoes and hp and the place were at, it has quest text, and a Stats text, and a inventory text, and when we have stats or a new item, it shows a notification thing like "1" or however many we have. Save for quests. Make an account, username :glo password Jax030209, make 2 slots on it have everything, max level, every item, every enchantment, everything, every stat point available, and 100 main story completion, but not the side quests. And make one slot fresh, and empty. Make it so that at the endgame, when we finish the main story, we unlock the south road, and at the south road, is Color, and its grass greener than green, and its a nice little town, and we talk to people, no quests,. but after we talk to somone named Morthus, he tells us everyone is safe here, and hollows are a dream. In a cutscene, after talkikng to morthus, we see our characters two parents, and we are put to rest, (death), because we banished the hollows from the echo realm. At first, we are in a forest when we go to the south road, then as we go further down, a dirt road comes, with trees and grass around it, further down is a clearing, where a village comes, and then you do all the other stuff i said, with npcs to talk to. You can only unlock the south road with 100% story completion, by the way.